DESCRIPTION:
Parent would input the various size parameters of their child (height, weight etc)
website will give back the appropriate size clothing they should be in. 

The response could be a response per clothing brand / clothing type / date etc 

Would need to work from a data source like a size guide from each clothing provider. 

QUESTIONS:

RECENT NOTES:
Added lots of comments to make working on the project a little easier. 
Could do with more comments throughout the whole project. 
Changed suggestion INSERT query to INSERT IGNORE and changed Suggestion table in the DB to have a unique key across multiple columns. 
    This will prevent duplicate suggestions being saved to the db.
Updated the child page for better result card viewing. 
Added functionality to the home dashboard to show cards when child is selected from drop down. 
Card filter functionality working for both dashboard and child page. You can now filter by certain attributes. This is by adding result attributes to their class list. 
    then using javaScript to hide or show those that fit or do not fit the input.
Created method in user model getOneByID that will get the user, all children and suggestions connected to the user.children for the dashboard
Added match type conditional statements to evaluate the match strength of each suggestion
Added birth date to the child model, create forms and update forms.

NEXT STEPS:
Add updated at message on child statistics so the parent knows when they last completed the update fo the child. 
Plotting a graph for each child on the child page to show their development over time. 
    >> may need to add historical data attribute to the child or a new model of historical data with foreign key of child. 
Add more design to the website to make it more realistic and structured. 
Look at creating animations for presenting the data.
Also look at presenting the requests into a plain table for those who want all the info and don't care about the aesthetics.
Look into the responsiveness of the view. Especially once the suggestion results have come back in.
    >> it may be more beneficial to make tiles for each result that populate in rows and extend down the page.
    >> think eCommerse type website.


ADDITIONAL RESOURSES:
ONLY WEBSITE THAT DOES THE SAME THING - >> https://www.sizecast.com/

INTERNATIONAL SIZE COMAPRISONS -- >> https://kiwisizing.com/blog/size-conversion-chart-childrens-clothing/
COMPREHENSIVE SIZE GUIDING -- >> https://www.sizeguide.net/size-guide-children-size-chart.html
MINI RUBY (GROWTH CHART) AND INFO -->> https://miniruby.com/pages/kids-weight-height-baby-size-chart
EXPLANATIONS -- >> https://www.verywellfamily.com/what-size-does-my-toddler-wear-6822794

Templates:
logged in: 
    Dashboard
        Features
            Quick Search.
            Child Quick Display cards
            Side Bar
            Children
            Add A child form
            Existing requests for each child.
    Child page
        Show child details
        TODO:
            Add child birth date to child model info and then display child age on page based on birth date?
            on update data give a new card?
            Show growth chart / size tracking graph of child over time ? checkout bookmarks on chrome for help here. 
            Work out a better way to display our cards and search results
                could be by brand
                    subdivided into age groups
                    sub divided into clothing type
                    sub divided into match type.

    Filtering searches and results on our view pages...
        Would this mean a different query for each filter. 
        if there a better way to give functionality to the user when seeing the results given to them. 


    Search size... reverse engineer the rest of the functionality essentially:
        (click a size and then generate the size guide parameters per brand...)
        (how big do i need to be to wear 3-6M? for example)
        (show list of brands: filter options: smallest, largest, A-Z, Z-A)

Work out how to print suggestions from a website... ( JS file 'print()'?). Would want to print to a pre-prepared PDF